Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#21498)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: CONTRIBUTING.md

* If your PR has the label 'cla-required' assigned, [complete the Contribution License Agreement (CLA)](https://cla.dotnetfoundation.org/).
* Respond to PR feedback.

> For an example where this process led to publication of a new article, see [Issue &num;1477](https://github.com/dotnet/docs/issues/1477) and [Pull Request &num;18955](https://github.com/dotnet/docs/pull/18955) in the .NET Docs repository. The new article is [Documenting your code](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/articles/csharp/codedoc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an example where this process led to publication of a new article, see [Issue &num;1477](https://github.com/dotnet/docs/issues/1477) and [Pull Request &num;18955](https://github.com/dotnet/docs/pull/18955) in the .NET Docs repository. The new article is [Use code coverage for unit testing](/dotnet/core/testing/unit-testing-code-coverage).
```

Author: Indeed @guardrex , somehow I've missed that, thank you.
